If you are on a Home page please
click 'Go to texts list' button
Click 'Search & Filter' and expand more properties
for searching
Click to 'Title' edit box and type name, which you
want to find (in my case it's 'geo') and click 'Search'
Take a look at found results
Click on order button near edit box (two triangles)
and select order by descending for example and click 'Search'
Results are ordered. Green circle near 'Search & filter' is green,
which means that filter applied. Yellow light means, that after filter you
did another changes, which is not applied.
Set order by ascending and click 'Search' button
Light is green, but after change name it becomes yellow
(now title is 'geo bomb'). Click 'Search' button.
You'll see only one result, which corresponds that title.
Select concrete country (the US) and click 'Search'
You still are able to see previous result, because it's American text
Select another country and click 'Search'
There is no text, which corresponds.
If we get beck to the US, will see previous result (one text)
To remove all filters click button 'Clear'.
You'll see all texts as a result.